The Objective
    Problem:
        1) Does stock market value correlate with other economic metrics
        in assessing economic health?
            How can the natural (or background) value change over time be removed from calculation?
                Ex: Scientific advancement, population growth, etc.
                    Is there "natural value change" or is everything considered dependent?
                    If the advancement occurred globally can it be removed from consideration as "Background" value changes?
            Metrics:
                GDP:Gross Domestic Product measures the value of goods
                    and services produced by a nation.
                GNP:Gross National Product measures the value of goods 
                    and services produced by a nation (GDP) and income 
                    from foreign investments.
                Total Spending:"The relationship between production and 
                    spending is a quintessential chicken-and-egg debate in 
                    economics. Most economists agree that total spending, 
                    adjusted for inflation, is a byproduct of productive output.
                    They disagree, however, if increased spending is an 
                    indication of growth."
                    Source : 
                        https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/032515/what-are-best-measurements-economic-growth.asp#:~:text=Key%20Takeaways,employed%20to%20assess%20economic%20growth.&text=Gross%20National%20Product%20measures%20the,and%20income%20from%20foreign%20investments.
                Capacity Utilization Rate:What Is the Capacity Utilization Rate?
                    The capacity utilization rate measures the proportion of potential 
                    economic output that is actually realized. Displayed as a percentage, 
                    the capacity utilization level provides insight into the overall 
                    slack that is in an economy or a firm at a given point in time. 
                    The formula for finding the rate is:

                    (Actual Output / Potential Output ) x 100 = Capacity Utilization Rate

                    The capacity utilization rate is an important operational metric 
                    for businesses, and it's also a key economic indicator when applied 
                    to aggregate productive capacity. A company with less than 100% 
                    utilization can theoretically increase production without incurring 
                    expensive overhead costs associated with purchasing new equipment or 
                    property. Economies with ratios of under 100% can absorb significant 
                    increases in production without pushing past previous highs. The concept 
                    of capacity utilization is best applied to the production of physical 
                    goods, which are simpler to quantify.
                    Source : 
                        https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/capacityutilizationrate.asp
                Solow Residual: The Solow residual is the portion of an economy’s
                    output growth that cannot be attributed to the accumulation of capital 
                    and labor, the factors of production. It is a measure of productivity 
                    growth that is usually referred to as total factor productivity (TFP).
                    Source:
                        https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/solow-residual.asp
                Unemployment Rate
                Productivity:
                    Production per time unit
                Efficiency:
                    Production per input cost
                Spending: GDP? 
                Standard of Living: Often measured with "Per Capita GDP"
                    Per capita GDP provides a quick, rough estimate of the total amount of 
                    goods and services available per person. While numerous, more complex, 
                    and nuanced metrics of the standard of living have been devised, many of 
                    them correlate highly with per capita GDP.
                    Source:
                        https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/standard-of-living.asp
                Human Development Index (HDI):
                    How Is the HDI Measured?

                    The HDI is a summary measurement of basic achievement levels in human 
                    development. The computed HDI of a country is an average of indexes of each 
                    of the life aspects that are examined: knowledge and understanding, a long 
                    and healthy life, and an acceptable standard of living. Each of the four 
                    components is normalized to scale between 0 and 1, and then the geometric 
                    mean of the three components is calculated.

                    The health aspect of the HDI is measured by the life expectancy, as calculated 
                    at the time of birth, in each country, normalized so that this component is equal 
                    to 0 when life expectancy is 20 and equal to 1 when life expectancy is 85.

                    Education is measured on two levels: the mean years of schooling for residents of a 
                    country and the expected years of schooling that a child has at the average age for 
                    starting school. These are each separately normalized so that 15 mean years of schooling 
                    equals one, and 18 years of expected schooling equals one, and a simple mean of the two 
                    is calculated.

                    The metric chosen to represent the standard of living is GNI per capita based on purchasing 
                    power parity (PPP), a common metric used to reflect average income. The standard of living is 
                    normalized so that it is equal to 1 when GNI per capita is $75,000 and equal to 0 when GNI per 
                    capita is $100. The final Human Development Index score for each country is calculated as a 
                    geometric mean of the three components by taking the cube root of the product of the normalized 
                    component scores.
                    Source:
                        https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/human-development-index-hdi.asp
                        HDI heavily criticized as redundant for being heavily related to GNI and GDP per capita values
                Quality of Life: Intangible aspects of "standard of living"; not revelevantly quantifiable?
                
                    Interest Rates:
                    
                    Taxation Rate on capital gains
        2) How much do changes in the taxation of capital gains affect capital investments?


Importing Data

Data Exploration

Baseline Modeling

Secondary Modeling

Communicating Results

Conclusion

Resources